When you don't know, "samaya" means keeping the commitment. Our courage and confidence, with that,
keep the commitment as we started.
And what we have the commitment? We have a commitment to bring up our identity of the beautiful
nature of the mind.
That really we are going to glorify and rework that. And what is that? That, as I said before, it
is joy and appreciation.
Bodhicata, all living beings, what is bodhicata? Again, it is love, it is compassion. That point to
everyone, I think, kind of feel that life to break.
And then also, purely understanding, all the forms are displayed on the way to the form of the
Buddha Akshobhya mandalas.
All the sound systems are the matter of the cigarette sound of the Buddha Akshobhya.
And all what is the mind and the space are also what is the mind of the Buddha Akshobhya.
So those are really what we are kind of reminded, what we are committed to do and like to keep up
there.
And then we go to our deeper level, this is your nature of the mind, your quality, one's own
quality.
We like to rework more our love and compassion, bring our joy and peace happiness to me or to
ourselves, to the other.
That's what our deep intention, our earning from the heart, so trying to bring up that with our
commitment.
And we then also do, to activate that, do also a little practice.
Practice is nothing but reminding of our goodness, our good qualities.
Practice on the Buddha Akshobhya, practice on whatever you practice already.
Keep those practices and try to also kind of identify our weakness, the errors, the mistakes with
that happen.
Not holding onto that, let that go.
Let that release and bring up more power of our inner quality of love and compassion and wisdom
there.
Are we able to do that? That is also known as the Buddha's teaching, teaching known as the morality
practices.
That is also known as the practice of the patient practices.
That is also known as then your effort practices.
If we keep that concentration, it is this concentration, six paramatta.
If we see clearly things are as it is, that's the wisdom.
If we give some time and opportunity to kind of, to effort for that, that's the generous practices.
So all six paramatta practices, we practice within one single sitting zone, you know, that is.